_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_cicular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Sernanders Väg 8,</p>
    <p>Uppsala, Sweden</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
With a master's degree in computer science, I'm excited to contribute to the success of my team and the growth of my company. A motivated learner with a background in machine learning and computer vision who is keen to contribute to cutting-edge technological progress.


Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updated files for about and publications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Master's Computer Science Graduate
Specialization:  Machine Learning and Computer Vision

profile:
  align: right
  image: Prof_Pic_01.jpg
  image_cicular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address:

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a firm believer in the ability of technology to benefit humanity. I'm delighted to contribute to the success of my team and the growth of my firm as someone with a master's degree in computer science. A self-motivated learner with experience in machine learning and computer vision, who is keen to contribute to cutting-edge technical advancement. A patron of research (published 5 research papers and applied for 1 patent).

Ever since my secondary school Programming has been part of life, I was one of the few kids who would get excited when we had Computer Lab. My passion only grew as I engaged with building bots utilizing Arduino and Raspberry Pi, thought of coding that permits me to prompt small machines with rudimentary intelligence captivated me. That is the coinciding year when tesla released model S with Autopilot which opened me to the concept of Artificial Intelligence.
